update changelog.d format and Matrix link (#10383)
haskell/cabal: CONTRIBUTING.md

}
```

> (Note: if you choose to use `changelog-d`'s Markdown format, `packages` must be a bracketed list.)

Reviewer: Is it comma-separated? (E.g. nix uses brackets but no commas)

Reviewer: I also suggest removing the parenthesis.

Reviewer: I also realized that this phrase mak s me thing that the "old format" doesn't support markdown at all, which is false. It seems like more with needs to be done with the explanation. Maybe referencing the changelog-d own doc would be more appropriate. But in any case I find the current version confusing.

Author: I wanted to link the `README.md` but the description of "markdown-frontmatter" format isn't a separate link.

Author: It's brackets and commas.

}
```

Changelogs may also be written in "markdown-frontmatter" format. This is useful if your
description contains braces, which must be escaped with backslashes in `.cabal` file
format.

```markdown
---
synopsis: Add feature xyz
packages: [cabal-install]
prs: #0000
issues: #0000 #0000
significance: significant
---

- Detail number 1
- Detail number 2

```

> The package list must be enclosed in square brackets, but they aren't needed for `prs` or `issues`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package list must be enclosed in square brackets and comma-separated, but this isn't needed for `prs` or `issues`.
```

Author: Sigh. I could have sworn I had added that; possibly I inadvertently removed it when I re-rewrote the markdown-frontmatter part.

Reviewer: No worries!

}
```

Changelogs may also be written in "markdown-frontmatter" format. This is useful if your
description contains braces, which must be escaped with backslashes in `.cabal` file
format.

```markdown
---
synopsis: Add feature xyz
packages: [cabal-install]
prs: #0000

> issues: #0000 #0000

Reviewer 2: Oh, this needs a followup: in YAML, `#` is a comment marker, so the changelog-d YAML format doesn't use the `#` in issue/PR numbers.

Author: I copied that from `changelog-d`'s `README`; I guess that was what [this](https://github.com/haskell/cabal/pull/10383#issuecomment-2378858091) was talking about.
